+++
title = "A recap of progress in 2024"
date = 2024-10-19

[extra]
author = "Jacky Song"
+++

With the end of the year approaching, I thought it would be a good time to reflect on the progress and gains we made throughout the year.

<!-- more -->

Our team has grown this year, and with our larger team, we have released our first research report, now available at the front page. Our initial simulation work marks the first steps towards the high-quality simulations and models necessary for fine-tuning the design.

In addition, we have learned much in this process. This includes a substantially better understanding of electromagnetic and antenna theory, numerical methods for partial differential equations, and computational modelling. In fact, there is so much new information that it will take time to organize it and add it to the Handbook.

However, there is still work to be done. First, the documentation still needs ongoing work - for the time being, the website is the **authoritative source of information** about the Project. The Handbook is still a work-in-progress. Additionally, Elara Hub, the wiki, also needs continued work and more frequent updates. Eventually, Elara Hub may be moved to this website just to keep everything in one place. And we need to gain more official recognition for the Project.

These are merely the logistical tasks - on the research side of things, we need to do an in-depth literature review. We also need to continue model-building and simulating to improve our designs, until we have a design we are confident to publish. But I am grateful for where we have come in this year, and grateful for our team. You all made this possible.